Project 42.

Task 1:
Display your (short!) summary using the MessageBox sequence (at least three in number).
Moreover, the title of the latter should display
average number of characters per page (total number of characters in summary / number of MessageBoxes).

Task 2:
Write a function that "guesses" the number conceived by the user from 1 to 2000.
To query the user, use MessageBox.
After the number is guessed, it is necessary to display the number of requests,
required for this, and provide the user with the opportunity to play again,
without leaving the program (MessageBoxes are decorated with buttons and icons according to the situation).

Task 3:
Imagine you have a rectangle on your form,
whose borders are 10 pixels apart from the borders of the form's workspace.
You need to create the following handlers: Handler for pressing the left mouse button,
which outputs a message about where the current point is:
inside the rectangle, outside, on the border of the rectangle.
If the Control (Ctrl) button was pressed when the left mouse button was pressed,
then the application should close; Right click handler
which displays in the window title information about the size of the client (working) area of ​​the window in the form:
Width = x, Height y - the corresponding parameters of your window;
Handler for moving the mouse pointer within the workspace,
which should display the current x and y coordinates of the mouse in the window title.

Task 4:
Develop an application based on a form.
The user "clicks" the left mouse button on the form and,
without releasing the button, moves the mouse over it,
and at the moment of releasing the button, according to the obtained coordinates of the rectangle
(you know, of course, that two points on the plane are enough to create a rectangle)
you need to create a "static", which contains its serial number
(meaning the order of appearance on the form)
The minimum size of a "static" is 10x10,
when trying to create an element of smaller sizes, the user should see a corresponding warning.
When right-clicking over a static surface
information about its area and coordinates (relative to the shape) should appear in the window title.
If there are several "statics" at the click point,
then preference is given to "static" with a serial number.